2023: The Year of DLCs

While every year Gamers see the release of new games, this year is set to be different as many major titles and their developers alongwith publishers are investing in adding more content to their already successful titles. That's why 2023 is shaping up to be a year of great DLCs and expansions for some of our most beloved games.

From Xenoblade Chronicles 3 to Fire Emblem Engage, From Burning Shores for Horizon Forbidden west to Cyberpunk 2077: Phantom Liberty, and Elden Ring, the year is packed with exciting new DLCs and expansions to dive into.

Xenoblade Chronicles 3, for instance, is set to have its Wave 3 and Wave 4 expansions, with the latter to include another story expansion with Shulk and Rex from previous games. Wave 3 on the other hand will come sooner with a new Hero Masha and her own story to play through along with a rougelike mode with new rewrds and cosmetic items. 

Fire Emblem Engage, which launched late last year, will see new DLCs in the form of new emblem rings containing heroes from the past.

Horizon Zero Dawn's Burning Shores DLC will take players and Aloy to a new area with a new mystery to solve. Pokemon Scarlet and Violet is yet to reveal its DLC, but if the success of Sword and Shield is anything to go by, expect something exciting and legendary.

Pathfinder Wrath of Righteous will see three major add-ons starting from April 2023 and lasting until the fall. The first of whihc has already been announced called "The fall of Sarkoris". The update will add a new class alongwith a new romanceable companion of the same class from a country long dead.

Cyberpunk 2077, despite its rough launch, has been improved with two years of hard labor and support and bug fixes. The game is soon set to receive Patch 1.7 tha will overhaul several aspect along with polic chases and shooting from car but with the expansion Phantom Liberty starting Idris Elba after that the game is all set to really reddem itself from its blotched past.

And last but not least, Elden Ring, the game of the year winner, is set to receive new DLCs and expansions, keeping the excitement for the game alive.

Most of the time, a year is known for a great game or a couple of great games, but this time, the year will be known as "The year of Great DLCs." With many more big games and DLCs on the horizon, gamers have a lot to look forward to in 2023.