Final Fantasy VII Remake Integrade

	If you ever owned a PS1 as a child or had a friend who owend one, you most probbaly played the legendary entry in the Final Fantasy Series called the Final Fantasy VII. It was one of the best sold Games on the platform and one of the most played one too. There's so much nostalgia attached to that game. From it's music, to characters, to some of it's emotional moments, some important yet heartbreaking charcater deaths and yes Chocobos too.

	And Now we get to expirience that all over again in the HD Remake in the form of aptly named Final Fantasy VII remake and now on PC too. The game has all the bells and whistle of it's pre-gen counterpart. With even more fleshed out world and charcters. Even the Combat has been overhauled to match the new real time combat style the recent Final Fantasy games have come to adopt but still retaining the puase mechanic which brings everything to a halt giving you the feel ofthe original game's turn based system.

	This time though the things are a little different around midgar this time around. Without Giving too much of a spoiler let's just say that The story mostly follows what we know but also doesn't. There are numerous theories and lore crafting on the net if you want to go down that rabbit hole. Hunting for parallel timelines and time travel. But for the most part Final Fantasy VII Remake succeeds in evoking the same emotions it did nearly 25 yearsago. Gosh! it's been that long. 

	The remake part 1 covers only the partial story told in the original. The portion of the midgar to be precise. The end of the game is left on a cliff hanger and if the rumors are right the next installment with pick up right where the first one left. 

	The story of the game remains mostly the same except the more fleshed put character of jesse, wedge, biggs and even yuffe. Most of them didn't even get a major role in the original and the rest were optional but here they are a welcome inclusion. The major change comes in  the gameplay and the end where everything turns upside down, literally.

	The game follows a realtime time with pause strategy. It feels awesome at the start. you charge your ATB Guage by hitting the enemy a few times in the initial portion of the fight and then use the abilities that you unlockd or slotted in through your materia on weapons and armors. The appeal to slow down time while you analyze the battlefield and target the enemies for your attack works really well. But as the game goes on it starts to show it's downside too. Using the abilities everytime through your command menu starts to feel like a slog and slow. the excitement and tension of a fast pasced combat smewhat dulls a bit when everything suddenly grinds to a halt. Thankfully the game aloows you to assign four shortcuts. Which you can attach to anything from using a spell, to potion to an ability. But this shortcut doesn't target a specific enemy like the command menu does. The enemy you are currently fighting take sthe blunt of the damage here. Unless you equip a magnify materia. You control one charcter from you party of three at any given time. And for most of the story sections you don't even get to chose them. The game makes that decision for you. 

	So you have to make sure that all Barret. Tifa and Aerith are upgraded and on top of their game not just Cloud or you will take a beating. All the unlocked weapons your charcters have get equal skill points on every level up. So the decision of which to pick for which charcters comes down to you playstyle and party syneries. Tifa is great at making combos and staggering enmies, Barret is best for long rage and fying critters and bots. Aerith is the Magic user-- healing, spells are her department and cloud is a versatile meele damage house. So adjust your gear and materia according to that.

	Speaking of materia, there are a lot, alot of them. Even more so in the original. You get the summon materia for several Beings early on comapred to the original. Instead of doig a single attack they now fight by your side till the summon meter lasts. The materia's in this game are littered around in corners, in side quest and tournaments and fights. Chadley is your best friend for that. 

	The game isn't long. If you stick to the main campaign you can enjoy an expirirence of around forty hours but if to tread to the beaten path or take a long detour the game nets you over 80+ hours of ride. Now being this long generally gets you in my good graces as it gives you bang fr bukc game but the game loses it's gameplay tracktion a little in on the sidequest. The main story has so many uniqu enemies, encounters, scenarios and ways to tackle them but the side quest are the typical fetch quest which send you away ina a hunt or dungeon to fight some monsters or baddies and repeat the process. If you stick to the main story the fight doesn't get tedious or boring but when you start to take every sidequest and collectible you start to notice patterns or repetitions. strike a few times, use cools moves, dodge or defend, use a few potions if the fight is difficult then rinse and repeat. It also doesn't help that the port to PC as a terrible one. There were hardly and options for the graphic settings for the game. and The dynamic resolution sometimes made the character hair pixelated or the background like a flat still image. I mean at leat add some anisotriic filering or something. 

	But if we let those two things aside the game is spot on in recapturing the essence of the original. The voice accting for all the charcaters was really gripping and addition of new threads and storylines made me eager to see more. The gameplay was good if you cut the fighr short and don;t drag it out. Otherwise it becomes a slog and steps repeating themselves. Other than that if you lved the original then you owe you will love this gem too.
	