God of War  Review By Deepak Kumar


GOD OF WAR 2018 IS ON PC! Doesn't feel real or right saying it!? but it is. I never thought that we PC Players will ever get the chance to witness the game in all it's 4k DLSS 60+ FPS glory. The most awaited game of January 2022 is now here and it's every bit worth playing on PC if not more than on consoles. The addition of dynamic shadows, enhanced textures and more make the already enchanting visuals more alluring. 

After playing it on PC I doubt that I'll ever suggest someone to play it on previous generation again. Though there are some gameplay bits which fit well with a gamepad than on Keyboard but will get to that soon. 

Santa Monica's Greatest IP has triumphed again. The deeply personal story of Kratos and his son Atreus journey fulfulling their loved one's last wish takes you into another world other than greece. You get to meet and hear the stories of Pantheons of Norse such as the witch in the hut Freya, her immortal son Baldur, Thor and his sons, and the one above all the allfather Odin himself. This time around the story doesn't call of the eradication of all the gods. Instead it grounded to their personal struggles. Kratos still struggling to face the past himself and Atreus, his son struggling to get acknowledged by the only family left now since his mother's death. It's an emotional story right from the start. We get to see Kratos as a father now. Something he himself know he is not ready to be one. But the fate has deemed it so. 

This time around Kratos has got more than just his Chaos blades. The fictional incarnate of Dwayne 'the rock' Johnson has his arsenal expanded with the Chaos blades, a self returning Leviathan axe, a shield for bashing and defense and if all else fails then the self trusting bare hands to rip draugers apart. My man is packing heat. And so does his son. Throughout the game as you progress through side quests, and main quests, te xp you earn can be used to upgrade and anunlock numerous skills for your each arsenal and also for your son and his summons. As the story progresses you both unlock more realms including two totally optional ones which are huge and offer a lot of loot when you complete them.

The time for button mashing ended with God of War 3. This time Kratos can die with a few hits. It doesn't take much to make him a glass canon which means he'll sure dish out agrresive damage but if you ignore the exploration and sidequests he himself later down the line can also die with just a little more than scream on his face. You have to study the patterns of the enemies, exploit there weaknesses and reserve the use of that spartan rage when all else is not affecting. 

Speaking of Exploration and side quests. Santa monica has hit it out park withthis one. The game is kind of semi-open filed with so many hidden nooks and crannies. Puzzles everywhere smetimes even in fights. And just so you don;t mind lessly wander around in silence the game has so much dialouge t cover those round trips you'll be making betwenn fast travel points and realms. Each conversation gets added to your codex and expands on te already vast lore and characters. 

God of War is a different entry compared to it's predeccesors. But even amidst the new setting and new pantheons it doesn't forgets it's roots. It's strength lies in it's story and how it connects you to a father and son, bonding over their wife and mother's death. For the most part it stays that way only slightly hinting at something cming and as you finish the game does the fimbulewinter starts and so does the Ragnarok. The next GOPd of War: Ragnarok starts almost threee years after this story ends. And if you haven't already play this one to death  to follow the next one's story.
