Guardians of Galaxy--- Deepak Kumar

	Guardians of Galaxy Familiar Yet Freshly Different.	

	The goofy crew of 'Gardeners of---', sorry 'Guardians of the Galaxy' are quite different from the ones you might be familar with, except for a few exceptions the members. Like Star-Lord, Drax and Gamora, many others have a different back story explained throughout the game. Even the well loved characters like Thanos and Yondu are given a spin in this entry by Square Enix of the same name. Bringing it closer ti the comics than the ones represented on the Big Screen. For most parts it does them well for sticking to the material but sometimes it just seems---meh.

	Guardians of the galaxy at the start of their adventures is still a relatively new formed crew looking to make their mark on the, well, Galaxy. Their Leader Star Lord is trying his hardest to keep the crew of rulebreaking-mostly wanted nutjobs from disbanding the whole thing or at worst killing each other. And he is failing, terribly.

	Every member has somekind of emotional baggage they are carrying.

	As you explore the depths of their relationship and characters you get to know what makes them tick. Every member has somekind of emotional baggage they are carrying. The game is specially wonderful at explaing what buttons not to push on the ship and on the characters. Topics such as child abuse, abandonment and even death are lightly brushed off and camoflauged with a lots and lots, I mean lots of jokes and puns. Some of them land well while the rest just make you smile at most. 

	Combat synergy between the crew play a crucila role in do or die situations.

	The game wants you to connect with the characters it introduces but doesn't gives you control over them. Instead you'll be stuck with Peter Quill for the whole run. Which is really a shame cause I wanted to play both Blasty-Blasty Rocket and Assasin Gamora. That's not to say that you can't give them orders. As Star Lord, In Combat synergy between the crew play a crucila role in do or die situations. You can set ambushes, throw bombs or explode traps. Send them away on a killing spree or do a combo with them. The game gives you four characters to give commands to. Groot the overgorwn tree with the least handle on vocabulary. Rocket, the Tech and blast expert. Gamora, Daughter of thanos and wprlds deadliest Assasin and Drax, the Destroyer. And ofcourse your charcter Star-Lord. Just Star-Lord. 

	You have to be always on the move as are your enemies will be. And different enemies require different tactics to counter. Some jelly like creature are weak to frost damamge, while others fry with fire and electric. You can also pull snipers from the ledges with Wind attacks for a close up meely. Or set one of your crew to take them down instead. Thats all left you. In tough situations you can huddle up and give a speech that boost you and your crew. 

	Your rapport with Factions and crew cn change throughout he story.



	Aside from the combat Star-Lord and his opinions and choices at certain points can also shape the relationship he has with Drax, Gamora, Rocket and Groot. Even with several other Factions. And they react differently to you depending on how you handled the convo with them. This doesn't changes the story that much but you can see the scenarios play out differently. But the ultimate end will be the same for most of the players. It makes your playthrough feels yours. You may have a good rapport with the nova Worldmind but not so much with cosmo or Gamora or someone else. It is nothing new but it certainely gets the job done here.

	The game visual are a talk of their own. If you have a system which can handle the ray tracing elements of the game then you can see it's full potential. At max Setting with Ray Tracing enabled, the game looks nothing less than a Space opera with numerous puddles and transparent glass reflecting off the background and charcters. 

	If your looking to dip your toes in the Gaming version of your lovable and favorite charcters in the MCU than this game is the closest anything has gotten to. But if you are expecting a game with deep RPG elements and choices and consequences than look the other way. The game is short and benefits from that as it ends before the combat starts to feel repetitive and boring.


	

