The Dark Picture Anthology: House of Ashes

House of Ashes by Supermassive Games is the closest any game has come since Until Dawn to grip me and bind me to the edge of my seats. The game is advertised as Interactive Survival Horror but it hardly has any major scary moments. The game is more like Thriller/Mystery with few real scares scattered along. 
	
	The game is shorter than it's previous entry but it benefits because of it. The story doesn't feels lagged or weighing down. The characters and their arcs feels well paced and even enjoyable this time around. The premise is also intriguing with the military and archealogy mixed in together.

	Writing of characters, this time you handle the lives of 5 people. 4 of them are from US Marines and CIA and one is from the local Iraqi army. Enemies turn into allies in the face of a bigger scarier and unkown threat. The story is not open world. Most of it takes place below the other in caverns and in an ancient mesopotamian temple. Down here the war of surface doesn't exist. Instead life fights with death.   Having expirirence in military and wars, all of them are confident and level headed. Their training and reflexes comes handy when shit hits the fan. And trust me it hits the fan a lot. But this time QTEs are much toned down. At least at the start. The Developers have heard the cries and whales of the gamers and it shows. Every time before and important or sudden QTE event a checks pops up giving gamers the hint that they have to pay attention now. Or their loved characters can die. 

	And if your are eagle eyed you can even pick up on the curator who can be seen in the bckground during important scenes. The controls are a little wonky. The camera doesn't move freely and sometimes gets stuck while observing a clue or object of interest. QTEs in Men of medan and little hope were harsh and your were punished badly for missing some of them. This time I felt like they were much forgiving in nature specially at the end. 

	This time the focus was more on the choices you make during dialouges  during talks, chase or fight sequences. They determined how the chaacters view and think of each other and what relationship dynamics they develop between them. Some of those dynamics were prebuilt even before the game starts while others were forged as you play and the story progresses. Helping each other doesn't always nets you a good result but doing the opposite can also lead to some uncomfortable moments or events later on. The characters can turn on each other or help them or even die for one or the other depending on what you chose in one of the previous acts. And the game keeps a track of all these actions and even shows it you if you want to see why one of your beloved character shot another.

	This helps in making sense of why the charcter did what he did. But often still it feels a little off.  Sometimes the choices and dialouge don't naturally follows it's consequence or flows well with the next scene even. Same thing happens with the prolouge. I don't know why but I havent liked the prolouges of the previous etries too. They serve no purpose other than tutorial and laying some weird questions. For the next game if possible just leave them if not important. 

	All in all, House of Ashes is a huge jump from 'Men of Medan' and 'Little Hope' and the peak the anthology has achieved till now. 



	
