Pathfinder Wrath of righteous


	Pathfinder Wrath of righteous is the second dive by the creators at Owlcat Games in the Pathfinder Adventures. It is based on the Wrath of righteous module or path however you like to call it from Paizo. And it is a very true and faithful adaptation of it. Don't take it from me but from those who have expirienced both the table top and the vidoe games. 

	Since I haven't played the Table top version I can't tell you much about it but I can give you a brief on my personal expirirence of 170 hours in the game and thoughts on it's story, mechanics, graphics and overall gameplay. Spoiler alert! The game is great!

	WOTR(Wrath of righteous) is set in the same universe as the kingmaker before it. You get a few references, mentions of it in the form of few characters and easter eggs like jubliost and Storyteller. But you don't have to acquain yourself with it's story before play this one. It doesn't have any relation or impact whatsoever on this campaign. What you do have to aquain yourself is with the deep mechanics and lore of the game. For people who have had their share of DnD expirience this is not a big thing but for newcomers it can get a little out of hand to keep track of all the skills, attributes, choices, checks and many more. Thankfully this time around the tutorials a re a lot more forgiving. They are explained better. They pop up at the right time without becoming a burden or nuisance. You can also tweak the settings but that also is a hassle if you haven't played the game before because their are so many. But this deep complex mechanics that work against it also works majorly in it's favor. There a are so many flexible ways to make or break your characters and companions in this game and wth an added layer of mythic paths the variations seem endless. The game provides a very, very big reason to replay it to see and expirience it fully. Cause it's impossible to witness and see every route, build and outcomes in a single palythrrough. Somehow the developers have managed to make something even more complex then ther first entry. But then again it is an Isometric Fantasy CRPG, so complexity isn't so far behind.

	At times it feels mind boggling the things it provide at your disposal. You can almost kill, seduce, manipulate, bribe or friend anyone in this game. you can find so, so, so many equipments. The excuse of an ongoing fifth crusade puts you head and center as the commander of the mendevian army fighting the emerging demons from the abyss. Throughout it's 5 arcs arcs, the ground you can cover expands, along with your army, your levels, and your power. The crusade management as the games call it feels familiar to the kingdom mangement of kingmaker. Only this time their are no assigned advisors but a council for each Leadrship, Military, Diplomacy and Logistic divisions of your army which each suggest their opinions and the last deciosion regarding the way the army and your progress in the worlwound goes depends on you. Gotta say though for me the least favorite part about the game for me aside from the ridiculuos puzzles were the crusade managment. Although they have kicked out the story timer from the kingmaker it still feels something off. Especially in Act 5 when your army is sat a significatn size and you constantly have to battle low level demon armies. The game doesn't provide a skip or auto outcome decide mode even though in the early access it did. You can however turn on the Crusade auto managment in the iptions but then you can't turn it off for the rest of the game and it also locks you out of the secret ending of the game. Which is one of the very best ones it's got.

	The crusade nature of the game provides pathfinder so many opportunities, so many scenarios about war, hypocricy, war, gods, demons, monster and many more. So it's a little dissapointing that the game doesn't take full advantage of it's premise. I mean the game does go on full scale in terms of war, demon politics, and ignorance of angels and all the divine things. But when it comes to the grounded stuff i felt that it lacked in making me belive the scenarios were realistic or believable. Most of the times it's a black and white choice in WOTR. The deomns are bad, angels are good. Either one person is saint or a he is a devil. Lawful or chaotic and you fall right in between them at the start. You can choose to head either way. In this respect the kingmaker has an edge cause theur the characters didn't felt unorthodox or downright impropable. Their the even the main antagonist had a genuine motive and you were in her path but here you certainely know the end boss is definetly wrong. And angels though cruel and strict are right. There was no grey line or tight rope to walk which was a very big missed opportunity in a war scenario. 

	Even your companions are either a sage level good or serial killer level maniacs Except for a one or two at most.

	Speaking of Companions, this time around you get a plethora of them. Depending on your mythic path and choices there number and nature can differ. For exmaple the Lich mythic path gives you an extra companiona nd several undead while azata one provides you with a small and cute dragon. Like every AAA rpg with companions, each one of them has a back story and asociated quest with them. At most you can take 5 with your on your adventure excluding the pets. And this time around their input in main scenario is more engaing than in kingmaker. They often provide you with their opinions, as k for help, have unique banter amongst them. Each is specilized to his/her class but you can respec them along with your MC for free for the first few times.After that it charges you. Now which companions you like, which you don't like may vary but one thing is certain that you will love at least some of them and hate at least one. I'm looking at you Camilia. Oh and you also get a talking weapon.

	Exploration is big part of the game. Several areas and places are littered around on Mendev and Worlwound for you to uncover. Most of it is locked behind a demon army or enemy fortress which must first be conquered by your army only then you'll be able to acces them. The map doesn't fully opens up till act 5 which is a very late in the game and feels a little restrictive in a way but also keeps you foucsed on the main task instead of giving you so many quest that it feels like a checklist to do. Quests here are varied and ineteresting. Some are just one off while some begin with act 1 and last till act 5.

	The game and it's scope are massive when it comes to its length and idea. It can easliy net you an enjoyable over 100 hrs expirience if not more. Yet with big ambitions also comes big or small problems. The game as of now is also littered with bugs and glitches. Many of them have already been squashed by the time you read this and many more will be as more planned expansions and DLCs comeout for the game. The puzzles in the game are atrocious. They are a slog to get through and many of them don't even make sense at first glance. You'd need an IQ over over 150 to solve them without gleeming the anwswers on the net. As many don't even provide hints, or rules or even what even you have to do. Dialog tutorial box often pops up even in late game when you already have a handle on it's mechanics. But theses are all minor hindrances when it comes to the other things it does and offers. And it offers a lot for a 50 dollar game. And then WOTR will a RPG Gem it always meant to be. 

	WOTR improves on what was already set in Kingmaker in terms of calsses and mechanics. By throwing out the the frustrating time limited windows of kingdom management and increasing the scopes to provide you with an epic scale of fantasy it scratches the itch of that fantasy nerd who not only wants to indulge in a the genre but alos be a part of it. 

