Triangle Strategy is a developed by Square Enix seems like another Octopath Traveler alike until you give it time to peel back its layers. The tactical role-playing game is set in the fictional continent of Norzelia, where three powerful nations are engaged in a war for control. The game follows the story of Serenoa, a young lord from one of the nations who finds himself caught up in the conflict just before the day of his wedding to another and must navigate the complex political landscape to protect his kingdom and the people he cares about.

The gameplay of Triangle Strategy feels more akin to a blend of Fire Emblem and DnD inspired Combat. And involves turn-based battles where players must strategically positioning their chosen characters and use a variety of weapons and spells to accomplish the objective whehter for the story mission or for the mock battles. The combat is the highlight of the game. Though it takes its time to open up as it can take several chapters before the combat tells you all that it and you can do with it. But when it does the comabt bemcomes a game of chess where positioning you archers, spellcasters, warriors and healers is just as if not more important then the stats themselves. Because battle are not fair all the time. Sometimes enemy outnumbers your party, Sometimes they outlevel you. It becomes critical to constantly upgrade and level up the characters you choose specially those ones who join you for battle. Preparation is the key here. Though the game is a bit lenient when it comes to punishment as even if you fail at an encounter your characters get to keep their earned expirience and unlocked abilities. So eventually you will get through it.  No wonder the game has been praised for its deep strategic gameplay, engaging characters. 

The story on the otherhand can be a hit or miss depending the the path you trek. Some sidewinde through political landscapes other through resource and illicit trades. Conspiracies and betrayals are all around the corner so be on the lookout and always explore as much as you can before the next battle. With well-written characters and an intriguin storyline, which I won't spoil here, that keeps you going in the world of Norzelia and the lives of its netizens. However, there are a few holes in the story that leave some questions unanswered, and the world-building can feel a little silly at times. One particular instance is the game's obsession with salt, which seems to be the most valuable commodity in the world of Triangle Strategy. A bit silly but yeah!

The game has branching storypaths but you don't make decisions in the game rather you can influence those you can through a mechaninc called the conviction and scales of conviction. If you are successfull then the party members will agree to join the path you wish to take otherwise you will have to be content with their choices. Its an Interesting take on choices and consequences. When it works well and you succeed in persuading someone it feels great but if you can't the game just feels frustrating. Specially for those you are not completionist as the you can only take full advantages of this mechaninc if you go out of your way to look and search every nook and cranny and talk to every NPC every time you see one.


One of the main issues with Triangle Strategy is that the world can feel a little short and small at times. While the game's narrative is engaging, it can sometimes feel like there's not much to explore or do outside of the main story. This can make the game feel a little repetitive, especially if players are looking for a lot of side content to sink their teeth into. Talking to NPCs gets you a little info about the world but its still just three lands of Norzelia and the lords rulig over it. Nothing is ever mentioned about outside or the world beyond it. 


Overall, Triangle Strategy is a fantastic tactical RPG that features engaging mechanics and well-written characters. While the game has its faults, such as gaps in the story and a somewhat silly world-building, its strengths far outweigh its weaknesses. The sheer number of characters available to recruit adds replayability to the game, and the deep combat system is sure to keep players engaged. If you're a fan of tactical RPGs, then Triangle Strategy is definitely worth checking out.