Twelve Minutes by Deepak

	Twelve minutes published by Annapurna interactive is unlike any game I've played till date. With other games having mutliple endings you get choices and events and their consequences shaping your story. But here a man is stuck in a twelve minute loop expirirencing the same events over and over again unless you figure out a way to break it somehow. 

	Twelve minutes at face value is a game about a brutal time loop. One in which a wife gets arrested, a man gets beaten out and essentially his world starts to fall apart. Secrets and lies are abound. Stuck in an apartment you control the actions of this man. You can't leave the apartment where all the events take place. You can't kill yourself. Every time you get knocked out you start the whole loop again. So whats the solution you ask? Well, without spoiling let's just say every time you start the loop again you have a chance to do things differently and doing so nets you additional informations, clues, tools and more secrets, quetions and lies. 

	With each run you uncover something. Each run you do a little differently is a step formward. Until you eventually...Well until you finish the game. 

	With the simple point and click nature of gameplay. Twelve minutes feels familiar like the many crpgs we come to play and love. Since this is quite a short game you don't find the extensive inventory and crafting or micromanagement of much of the Isometric crpgs but there are still some tweaks. And importatn ones too. Combining items and using them at the right time is one of the crux of the games. Clock is always ticking in Twelve minutes and if you miss and event or something you can either leave the apartment to start the loop again or wait for the game to do it for you. 

With every new loop their is a new objective. Maybe you need to prove something to sombody. Or interrrogate them. Maybe you need to find something or maybe kill someone... 

	Twelve minutes felt like a story written for a netflix show or a tv series. The tension of a looming threat possibly leading to death. The secrets and lies hidden between a husband and his wife And a loyal man bent on revenge for the deeds done againt him years ago. The story is full of potential here. But it is never achived to full affect. I won't but tell you how the game ends cause your ending can be different than mine. Let's just say that the idea and execution are fresh and new but cliche's drag it down a little.


	

	